No, Chunxiao, he didn't do it.
He didn't do it.
Did your dog do it?
Not bad. Not bad.
Chunxiao is indeed what I do
Chunxiao is what this son did
Princess Chunxiao is indeed what I did
I can prove it.
How dare you lie in front of your father?
Are you going to die?
Dare to involve the Duke's Mansion again
Be careful, I'll cut you with a knife, okay?
Emperor
Since this person keeps saying that he can write poetry
It's better to let him and Quanzi do their own thing
How about a test?
Good idea.
Just let me see the style of the future consort
Okay, actually want to gamble
Then there must be a prize
I want to gamble my life with you
Whoever loses will die
Do you dare?